PREVIOUSLY ON "THE HAVES
AND THE HAVE NOTS"...
HELLO?
JENNIFER,
DON'T LET VERONICA LEAVE.
WE FOUND THE GUY
WHO HIT YOU.
CRYER?
SUE THEM FOR PAIN
AND SUFFERING.
CAN I HAVE MY CHECK,
PLEASE?
NO.
I NEED YOUR CONTACTS
TO REROUTE ALL PHONE CALLS
FROM BENNY'S TOWING
TO MEL GREEN'S TOWING.
WHERE DO YOU GET OFF
ON DOING THIS?
DOING WHAT?
TOUCHING ME SEXUALLY.
TOUCHING YOU SEXUALLY?
YEAH.
I WILL BASH YOUR HEAD
INTO THIS WALL.
YOU WOULD STILL
BE TURNED ON.
I'M NOT GAY!
I AM.
I LOVE IT.
I'M FREE.
AND I'M PROUD OF IT.
IT'S VERY FREEING.
AND YOU'RE AWFULLY CLOSE.
DO YOU WANT TO KISS ME?
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
YOU HAD
A BREAK IN.
A BREAK IN?
YEAH.
WHAT?
YOU KNOW QUITA MAXWELL?
SHE SAID SHE KNEW YOU,
SHE'S COMING TO VISIT YOU.
YEAH.
THEN YOU FORGOT TO GIVE HER
THE KEY, RIGHT?
YEAH.
MM‐HMM.
YES.
THAT'S ALL
I NEEDED TO VERIFY.
THANK YOU.
MM‐HMM.
WHY WAS HIS ZIPPER
UNZIPPED?
NO, WE GOT A TALK.
NO, I ‐‐
HONESTLY,
I JUST WANT MY KEYS.
WHAT WAS QUITA
DOING HERE?
SHE WAS LOOKING FOR
HER BROTHER.
WHAT'D YOU DO WITH HIM?
HE'S GONE.
WHERE? WHERE?
HOW'D YOU GET RID OF HIM?
JEFFERY,
I DID NOTHING TO YOU.
DON'T ACT BAD WITH ME.
YOU DIDN'T TELL ME
ABOUT WYATT.
NO, I DIDN'T, OKAY?
SO, YES, I'M MAD.
I DON'T WANT TO BE
IN THIS SITUATION!
WELL,
YOU ARE, OKAY?
AND WE'RE IN THIS TOGETHER,
SO GET USED TO IT.
WHERE ARE MY KEYS?
I DON'T KNOW.
I NEED THEM.
WELL, WHERE WERE THEY?
I LEFT THEM RIGHT HERE
ON THE TABLE.
WELL, LOOK FOR THEM.
AND YOU ARE GONNA
TELL ME WHY HIS PANTS
WERE UNZIPPED.
‐‐Captions by VITAC‐‐
www.vitac.com
CAPTIONS PAID FOR BY
DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS
♪♪ ♪♪
WELL, I LEFT THEM
RIGHT THERE.
WELL,
THEY'RE NOT HERE NOW.
WELL, IF I HAD MY PHONE,
I COULD FIND IT.
HOW?
'CAUSE THE KEYS HAVE
A TRACK ON THEM, OKAY?
CAN I USE YOUR PHONE?
OH? OH.
BE MY GUEST.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
WHO COULD THAT BE?
IN THIS DAMN HOUSE,
THAT COULD BE ANYBODY.
HI.
COME ON IN.
THANK YOU.
HOW ARE YOU?
GOOD. GOOD.
YOU SEEM GOOD.
YOU KNOW ME.
WOW.
WHO IS THIS?
NOT ON OUR TEAM.
JEFFERY.
HI.
ERICA.
SAYS THEY'RE HERE.
WAIT, WHERE?
OKAY, IT SAYS ‐‐
OKAY,
THEY'RE RIGHT OVER HERE.
EXCUSE ME.
MM‐HMM.
OKAY. HE'S ‐‐
HE LOST HIS KEYS.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
UM, DID YOU TALK TO BENNY
ABOUT THE MORTGAGE?
NO.
CANDACE.
I WILL.
NO, YOU WON'T.
YES, I WILL.
YOU'RE RUNNING OUT OF TIME,
AND WAR IS SERIOUS.
I KNOW.
YOU HAVE TO TALK TO BENNY.
I WILL, ERICA.
Jeffery: HEY.
YOU HAVE A SHOVEL?
A WHAT?
THEY'RE IN YOUR BACKYARD.
WHAT?
MY KEYS, THEY'RE IN YOUR
BACKYARD UNDER THE DIRT.
THAT'S WHAT IT SAYS.
NO, JEFFERY.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN NO?
NO.
NO, IT'S ‐‐ IT'S THERE.
IT'S RIGHT THERE
IN YOUR BACKYARD.
NO, THEY'RE NOT.
THEY'RE UNDER THAT DIRT
YOU HAVE THERE.
NO, JEFFERY.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN NO?
NO.
NO, JUST CAN I GET MY KEYS?
NO, THEY'RE ‐‐
CAN I GET MY KEYS?
THEY'RE UNDER THE DIRT.
NO THEY'RE NOT.
WHY WOULD HIS KEYS
BE IN THE BACKYARD?
STRANGE THINGS
HAPPEN AROUND HERE.
NO.
YOU PUT THEM THERE?
JEFFERY.
HUH?
NO.
THIS SAYS IT'S RIGHT THERE.
JEFFERY.
WAIT A MINUTE.
YOU KNOW WHAT,
I CAN USE THIS.
JEFFERY.
WHAT?!
DON'T. STOP.
RELAX.
STOP!
I'M GETTING MY KEYS!
STOP DIGGING.
WHAT?
STOP!
ERICA,
I'LL CALL YOU
AFTER I TALK
TO MY BROTHER, OKAY?
YEAH, OKAY.
BUT, UH, TALK TO HIM.
YEAH, I WILL.
[ DOOR OPENS, CLOSES ]
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHAT IS THE PROBLEM?
GIVE ME MY PHONE.
NOW YOU WANT YOUR PHONE?
HOLD ON.
HEY.
BENNY: What's up?
STOP IT!
I'M ‐‐ I'M AT THE HOUSE
AND I'M MISSING SOME KEYS.
Keys?
YEAH, THEY HAD A...
BLACK BAND.
...A BLACK BAND.
Yeah, yeah.
I saw some keys
I knew weren't yours,
so I put them
on the package.
OKAY.
Something wrong?
NO.
You sure?
YEAH.
I'M GONNA BE BY IN A BIT
TO TALK TO YOU, ALL RIGHT?
Okay, cool.
OKAY.
[ CELLPHONE BEEPS ]
CALL A LOCKSMITH.
WHAT? WHY?
YOUR KEYS ARE GONE.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN GONE?
SAYS THEY'RE RIGHT HERE.
THEY'RE GONE.
WHAT THE HELL'S GOING ON?
THEY ARE GONE WITH HIM.
WITH WHO?
THEY'RE GONE WITH QUINCY.
OH, MY GOD, YOU ‐‐
YOU BURIED HIM HERE?
YOU BURIED HIM HERE?!
SHU‐‐
I CANNOT PUT HIM OUT
BECAUSE OF THE NEIGHBOR.
YOU BURIED HIM HERE?
IT'S NOT LIKE
I HAD A CHOICE.
IT'S NOT LIKE YOU WERE HERE
HELPING ME.
CANDACE,
THE OFFICER WAS HERE.
YEAH. YEAH?
HE KNOWS SOMETHING.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN
HE KNOWS SOMETHING?
ARE YOU KID‐‐ HE WAS ASKING ME
ALL KINDS OF QUESTIONS, CANDACE.
HE WAS ‐‐ HE'S JUST ‐‐
HE'S JUST BEEN REALLY, LIKE...
W‐WHAT?
REALLY, WHAT?
HE WAS COMING ON TO ME
AND HE WAS ‐‐ HE WAS ‐‐
HE WAS JUST ASKING ME
ALL KINDS OF QUESTIONS.
HE WAS JUST ‐‐ JUST CRAZY.
HE'S A CREEP.
WHAT? WHAT?
YES, HE'S A CREEP.
HE WAS ‐‐
JUST SLOW ‐‐ SLOW DOWN.
WHAT'S GO‐‐
I DON'T WANT TO TALK ABOUT IT.
SHH.
LISTEN, LISTEN.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
HE ‐‐ HE PULLED ME OVER
THAT NIGHT AND HE ‐‐ AND HE ‐‐
AND HE STARTED
TOUCHING ME INAPPROPRIATELY.
AND THEN TODAY
HE WAS IN THE BEDROOM,
HE WAS TOUCHING ME
INAPPROPRIATELY AGAIN,
AND HE SLAMS ME
UP AGAINST THE WALL,
AND HE SAYS HE HATES GAYS.
JUST HE'S CRAZY, CANDACE.
THIS IS GOOD.
NO, IT'S NOT GOOD.
YES, IT IS.
WHAT?
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
WE CAN USE THIS.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
GET YOUR HEAD
IN THE GAME.
THIS IS OUR FREEDOM,
JEFFERY.
NO.
YOU ARE GOING
TO HAVE TO PLAY THIS THING
AND FIND OUT
WHAT HE KNOWS.
LOOK,
HE DOESN'T KNOW ANYTHING.
HE ONLY KNOWS
WHAT QUITA TOLD HIM.
WHAT DID SHE TELL HIM?
SHE SAID SOMETHING
ABOUT HER BROTHER
AND THAT THE NEIGHBOR
SAW THREE MEN COME IN
AND ‐‐ AND ONE
NEVER CAME OUT.
HE SAID THAT TO YOU?
YES.
OKAY.
WELL, THEN WE NEED
TO FIND OUT
EVERYTHING WE CAN
ABOUT THIS OFFICER.
I DON'T KNOW
HOW WE'RE GONNA DO THAT
BECAUSE
I'M NOT DEALING WITH HIM.
YOU HAVE TO.
CANDACE, NO.
LOOK, IF HE COMES AROUND
SNOOPING AGAIN, WE'RE GONE.
WE CAN'T MOVE THIS BODY.
THERE ARE TRAINED CAMERAS
ON MY FRONT DOOR.
HE'S GOT US.
ARE YOU CRAZY, HUH?
HE PUT A GUN TO MY HEAD.
YOUR FIRST TIME?
WHAT?
WELCOME.
EXCUSE ME?
IT HAPPENS
TO THE BEST OF US.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
[ SIGHS ]
I CAN'T.
DO YOU KNOW HOW MANY MEN
I HAD TO SLEEP WITH
WHO WERE HIDEOUS
TO GET AHEAD?
THROW HIM OFF.
I WILL NOT.
HE IS CRAZY.
YOU BE CRAZIER.
I'M NOT DOING THIS.
YES, YOU ARE.
I GOT TO GET OUT OF HERE.
YOU HAVE NO KEYS.
CALL A LOCKSMITH.
I NEED TO GO
SPEAK TO BENNY.
CANDACE.
WHAT?
CAN'T.
YOU WILL.
[ SNIFFS ]
[ GRUNTS ]
WYATT.
WHAT?
SLOW DOWN.
DON'T TELL ME
TO SLOW DOWN.
THAT'S PURE COLUMBIAN,
MAN, SLOW DOWN.
GET THE HELL
OUT OF HERE, ALL RIGHT?
NO, MAN, I'M JUST ‐‐
GET OUT!
NO.
GET OUT.
NO, MAN.
WYATT.
GET OUT OF HERE.
COME ON.
ANYBODY ELSE WANT TO GO?
HEY, DON'T TOUCH THAT!
GET THE HELL
AWAY FROM THAT.
YOU. YOU.
COME WITH ME.
[ SNIFFS ]
YEAH.
THAT'S GOOD, BABY.
PSST.
YOU GOT ME OUT?
DRIVER.
CAN YOU STEP OUT, PLEASE?
WHAT'S THIS
ABOUT ME NOT GOING HOME?
YOUR HUSBAND SET UP
A HIT ON YOU.
HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT?
THEY HAVE ONE OF
OUR BOYS.
HE AT YOUR HOUSE
RIGHT NOW.
THAT MAKES NO SENSE.
I HAVE A NEW ADDRESS
AND MY HUSBAND
HADN'T EVEN MOVED IN ‐‐
HE AT YOUR HOUSE RIGHT NOW.
YOU BETTER NOT GO HOME.
HE GOT ORDERS
TO SHOOT WHOEVER WALK
THROUGH THE DOOR FIRST.
THEN WHY
ARE YOU TELLING ME?
'CAUSE I NEED YOUR HELP.
WITH WHAT?
FINDING MY BROTHER.
WHO IS YOUR BROTHER?
QUINCY!
DON'T ACT LIKE Y'ALL DON'T KNOW
WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT.
I DON'T KNOW NO QUINCY.
MM‐HMM.
QUINCY MAXWELL.
GO ON.
YOUR SON
WAS ARRESTED DRIVING MY CAR.
MY BROTHER WAS IN IT LAST
AT CANDACE HOUSE.
AND WHEN I BROKE
IN CANDACE HOUSE,
IT LOOKED LIKE SOMEBODY TRIED
TO CLEAN UP SOMETHING
FROM MY BROTHER.
BIG OLD FADED SPOT
ON THE FLOOR.
AND HE DROPPED HIS PHONE,
AND I‐I‐I FOUND IT
AT HER HOUSE UNDER THE COUCH.
I HAD IT TRACED THERE.
WHAT ELSE?
I KNOW THEY DID SOMETHING
TO MY BROTHER.
YOUR SON AND CANDACE
DID SOMETHING TO MY BROTHER.
I KNOW IT.
I KNOW THEY DID.
AND WHEN I WAS AT THE HOUSE,
UNDER THE FLOOR ‐‐
DO YOU HAVE THE SAME ADDRESS?
YEAH.
YOU STILL LIVE WHERE YOUR OLDER
BROTHER LIVES?
YEAH.
OKAY.
YOU GONNA HELP ME?
CALM DOWN AND STOP
BEING SO DRAMATIC.
GO HOME.
I'LL CALL YOU TO GET
CANDACE'S ADDRESS.
YEAH.
GO ON.
CAN I GET A RIDE?
HELL NO.
MAN.
DRIVER, I'M READY.
YES?
HAS MY WIFE BEEN PROCESSED
AND RELEASED?
WHO'S YOUR WIFE?
VERONICA HARRINGTON.
YES.
HOW LONG AGO?
UH, 30 MINUTES,
AN HOUR.
WE GET A LOT OF PEOPLE
THROUGH HERE, SIR.
I'D LIKE TO SEE
JIM CRYER.
AND WHO ARE YOU?
JUDGE DAVID HARRINGTON.
HE'S NOT ALLOWED VISITORS
UNLESS AUTHORIZED BY THE D. A.
OR HIS ATTORNEY.
I NEED TO SEE HIM NOW.
YOU'RE NOT ON THE LIST SIR.
NOT BY THE D. A.
AND NOT BY HIS ATTORNEY.
DAMN IT!
VERONICA:
Hi, leave a message.
VERONICA, ANSWER YOUR PHONE!
D.A. JENNIFER SALLISON
SENT OVER THESE DOCUMENTS
AND TOLD ME THAT I HAD
TO SIGN OFF ON THE MONEY.
SHE GAVE $12 MILLION
TO WYATT?
YES.
WHERE IS HE?
I DON'T KNOW.
OH, MY GOD.
HE MOVED THE MONEY
TO AN OFFSHORE ACCOUNT.
AN OFFSHORE ACCOUNT?
DID SHE REALLY DO THIS?
I TRIED TO CALL YOU.
I WAS IN JAIL, LLOYD.
I'M SO SORRY.
WHAT ELSE, LLOYD?
WELL, WE NEED TO MOVE SOME MONEY
INTO THIS ACCOUNT.
WHY?
THE $7.4 MILLION THAT YOUR
HUSBAND TOOK OUT ‐‐
YES.
WENT TO
THE CANDY CANE COMPANY,
BUT IT WAS ALLOCATED
FOR TAXES,
AND NOW THE BILL IS DUE.
WHAT THE HELL IS
THE CANDY CANE COMPANY?
I THOUGHT THE SAME THING.
IT'S OWNED BY CANDACE YOUNG.
LLOYD.
MOVE $8 MILLION
INTO THAT ACCOUNT, PLEASE.
OKAY.
YOUR OTHER ATTORNEY,
RICHARD, CALLED ALSO.
AND?
HE WAS TALKING
TO YOUR HUSBAND
AND HE THINKS THAT
WE SHOULD MOVE $30 MILLION
INTO THE BE WELL TRUST.
WHAT FOR?
IN CASE
THERE'S A LAWSUIT.
THERE WILL NOT
BE A LAWSUIT.
WELL, WE SHOULD
JUST IN CASE.
DO IT.
OKAY.
IS THERE ANYTHING ELSE?
JUST THAT I'M SO VERY SORRY
ABOUT ALL THIS.
LLOYD.
STOP SWEATING.
AND DON'T WORRY.
I'M NOT TAKING MY MONEY
OUT OF YOUR BANK.
[ CHUCKLES ]
OKAY?
I'VE GOT TO GET BACK
TO THE BANK.
OKAY.
THANK YOU.
HANNA.
I'VE BEEN THROUGH
EVERY CUSHION,
EVERY POCKET,
EVERY PURSE,
AND I CAME UP WITH
ABOUT $987 AND SOME CHANGE.
YOU STILL OWE ME $611.
AND I'M GONNA COME BACK
AT THE FIRST OF THE MONTH
AND GET IT.
YOU CAN'T LEAVE.
I AM NOT YOUR SLAVE!
THAT IS NOT THE WAY
I MEANT IT AND YOU KNOW IT.
THAT SURE TO HELL
IS HOW YOU'RE TREATING ME.
I CAN'T MAKE IT
WITHOUT YOU, HANNA.
I WON'T!
SO YOU HOLD A DOLLAR
OVER MY HEAD?
NO, MA'AM.
HERE.
TAKE MY RINGS.
TAKE IT.
TAKE IT ALL.
TAKE ALL THIS MONEY.
TAKE IT!
I DON'T WANT THAT!
I DON'T WANT NOTHING OTHER
THAN WHAT'S OWED ME.
HANNA, PLEASE.
PLEASE WHAT?
THERE HAS NEVER BEEN ANYONE
WHO CARED FOR ME EVER.
NOT MY HUSBAND,
NOT MY CHILDREN.
NOT EVEN MY MOTHER.
IF YOU WALK OUT THAT DOOR,
I AM LOST.
YOU ALREADY LOST.
WHAT CAN I GIVE YOU HERE?
WHAT CAN I GIVE YOU
TO MAKE YOU STAY?
[ SCOFFS ]
THAT'S THE PROBLEM
WITH THE RICH.
YOU ABLE TO BUY ANYTHING
YOU WANT,
BUT YOU HAVE TO BEG
FOR WHAT YOU NEED.
YOU DON'T HAVE ANYTHING
YOU CAN GIVE ME.
I'M NOT FOR SALE.
I KNOW.
YOU'RE NOT YOUR DAUGHTER.
NO, I'M NOT.
BUT WHAT DOES SHE GOT
TO DO WITH THIS ANYWAY?
[ SCOFFS ]
$7.4 MILLION WIRE WAS SENT
TO THE CANDY CANE COMPANY
BY JIM.
OWNER ‐‐ CANDACE YOUNG.
NOW, I KNOW THAT HE DID NOT
GIVE HER THAT MONEY WILLINGLY.
SHE HAD TO HAVE
BLACKMAILED HIM.
AND...
THE DISTRICT ATTORNEY
HAS GIVEN WYATT HIS
$12 MILLION INHERITANCE
WITH NO GUARDIANSHIP.
WYATT
IS GOING TO KILL HIMSELF
WITH THAT AMOUNT
OF MONEY, HANNA,
AND I CANNOT BURY
ANOTHER CHILD.
PLEASE.
I IMPLORE YOU.
I AM BEGGING YOU.
DO NOT LEAVE ME.
I HAVE TO GO.
IS THIS IT, HANNA?
IS THIS IT?
I GOT TO GO CHECK
ON MY GRANDSON.
PLEASE.
[ Crying ] PLEASE!
[ DOOR OPENS, CLOSES ]
WANT TO TELL ME
WHAT HAPPENED?
THEY GOT ME
IN THE PAPER?
THAT IS YOU, RIGHT?
YEAH.
AND THE HARRINGTON GUY
THAT CAME HERE, THAT'S HIS WIFE?
YEAH.
HOW OLD IS SHE?
OLD.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
[ SIGHS ]
OKAY.
UH, I WAS MESSING AROUND
WITH HER.
HE'S PISSED 'CAUSE
YOU'RE KNOCKING HER OFF,
SO NOW HE'S MESSING
WITH OUR BUSINESS.
YEAH.
BENNY.
LOOK, I DON'T ‐‐
I DON'T KNOW
HOW HE DID THAT, ALL RIGHT?
I KNOW HOW HE DID THAT.
YOU KNOW, THESE FOLKS,
THEY'RE CONNECTED.
YOU KNOW, BENNY, IT'S ‐‐
IT'S A SMALL TOWN.
IT AIN'T KNOW BIG CITY,
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
YOU CAN'T BE MESSING AROUND
WITH THESE PEOPLE LIKE THAT.
I KNOW.
SO, WHAT DOES HE WANT
TO GET OUR PHONES BACK ON?
FOR ME
TO TELL HIM DETAILS.
OKAY, SO TELL HIM.
NO.
NO?
BRO, THAT'S FOR
HIS WIFE TO DO.
LOOK, TELL THE MAN
WHAT HE WANTS TO KNOW
SO HE CAN PUT OUR PHONES BACK ON
AND WE CAN GET BACK TO WORK.
NO, I'M NOT DOING THAT,
ALL RIGHT?
HE CAN TALK TO HIS WIFE.
DAMN IT, BENNY, JUST TELL HIM
WHAT HE WANTS TO KNOW, BENNY,
SO HE CAN PUT OUR PHONES
BACK ON
AND WE CAN GET BACK TO WO‐‐
HEY.
CANDACE.
HOW'S IT GOING HERE?
UH...
IT'S GOOD.
GOING GOOD.
WHAT BRINGS YOU BY?
I NEED TO TALK
TO MY BROTHER.
WHAT'S UP?
I'LL LET YOU GUYS TALK.
THANKS, MITCH.
YEAH.
SO, WHAT'S GOING ON?
HAVE YOU SEEN WAR?
YEAH.
I TRIED TO GET HIM TO GO
INTO BUSINESS WITH ME,
BUT HE WON'T.
MAYBE THAT'S NOT
A GOOD IDEA.
BUT YOU KNOW HE'S GOT
ALL THE CONNECTIONS.
YEAH, BUT MAYBE GOING
INTO BUSINESS WITH HIM...
MAYBE YOU SHOULDN'T GO
INTO BUSINESS WITH HIM.
YEAH?
WHY NOT?
HEY, WAR.
WHAT'S UP?
HOW ARE YOU?
I'M GOOD.
GOOD, CANDACE.
HOW ARE YOU?
GOOD. GOOD.
PASSING THROUGH.
YOU GOT A LEAK BACK THERE.
YOU MIGHT WANT
TO GET THAT FIXED.
APPRECIATE IT.
COME ON, BABY.
GET A HUG.
DON'T TRY IT, BITCH.
OKAY.
I'LL TALK TO YOU LATER?
SURE.
ALL RIGHT, B.
ALL RIGHT.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
BENNY,
WHAT IS HE DOING HERE.
I TOLD YOU
I WAS TRYING TO GET HIM
TO COME INTO
BUSINESS WITH ME.
AND I TOLD YOU I DON'T THINK
IT'S A GOOD IDEA.
HOW OFTEN IS HE HERE?
HE DROPS BY ALL THE TIME.
BENNY, THAT'S NOT GOOD.
LOOK, I NEED ALL THE HELP
I CAN GET.
WELL...
...I DID.
IS EVERYTHING ALL RIGHT?
I GOT IT.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
NOTHING.
WHAT'S UP WITH YOU?
HOW'S BUSINESS?
IT'S GOOD.
DID YOU THINK ABOUT
WHAT I SAID?
WHAT?
THE LAWSUIT.
YEAH.
AND?
CANDACE, I'M ‐‐
I'M GOOD.
THEY PAID
FOR MY HOSPITAL BILLS,
I GOT THIS PLACE NOW.
IT'S ALL GOOD.
LET'S JUST MOVE ON.
BENNY,
YOU DESERVE THE MONEY.
I SPOKE TO A FEW LAWYERS,
AND I FOUND A REALLY
GOOD ONE WHO ‐‐
WHO WILL SEE US.
CANDACE. NO.
HE SAID THAT YOU CAN GET,
LIKE, $10 MILLION.
FOR REAL?
YES.
THE CRYERS ARE LOADED.
NO, I'M GONNA
MAKE THIS MYSELF.
SO, YOU'VE BEEN TALKING
TO YOUR MOTHER.
NO, I HAVEN'T BEEN TALKING
TO HER.
WHY NOT?
NO!
BENNY, PLEASE.
LIKE, WHY IS THIS SO IMPORTANT
TO YOU ANYWAY?
THERE'S SOMETHING
I HAVE TO HANDLE.
OH.
WHAT NOW?
I MAY NEED TO MORTGAGE
MY HOUSE.
WHAT?
YEAH.
CANDACE.
AND THIS PLACE.
WHAT?
AND YOUR HOUSE.
[ SCOFFS ]
NO WAY.
I'LL PAY THE BILLS.
YOU'VE LOST YOUR MIND.
BENNY.
WHAT KIND OF PROBLEM?
THERE'S JUST SOMETHING
I NEED TO HANDLE.
YOU KNOW WHAT, THAT'S IT.
GET OUT OF HERE.
BENNY.
GET OUT.
GET OUT NOW.
BENNY.
ALL RIGHT,
FORGET I ASKED.
WELL, YOU'RE DAMN RIGHT
I'M GONNA FORGET YOU ASKED,
'CAUSE YOU LOST YOUR MIND.
I MEAN,
DID WE FORGET WHAT, UH,
WHAT HAPPENED
TO MOMMY'S HOUSE?
I KNOW. I KNOW.
AND WHAT DO YOU NEED
WITH THAT KIND OF MONEY ANYWAY?
HMM?
YOU IN TROUBLE?
ARE YOU IN TROUBLE?
ANSWER ME.
WHO IS IT?!
CANDACE,
I'LL KILL HIM!
WHO IS IT?
IS IT WHAT YOU DID
TO GET THIS PLACE? HMM?
IS IT?!
I'M NOT IN TROUBLE.
CANDACE, WHO IS IT?
IT WAS A BUSINESS DEAL.
IT WAS A BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY
THAT I WILL PASS ON.
IT'S OKAY.
OKAY?
THAT'S ALL IT WAS.
YEAH.
I'LL MISS IT.
YEAH, WELL, YOU'RE DAMN RIGHT
YOU'RE GONNA MISS IT.
AND LET ME
TELL YOU SOMETHING,
YOU DON'T ASK ME
THAT AGAIN, YOU HEAR ME?
OKAY.
CA ‐‐ CALM DOWN.
DON'T!
OKAY,
I'M SORRY I ASKED.
YOU RIGHT ABOUT THAT.
[ CHUCKLES ]
WOW.
WOW WHAT?
THAT AIN'T FUNNY.
I WAS ‐‐
I WAS KIDDING.
WELL, DON'T PLAY
LIKE THAT.
OKAY.
GOSH.
WILL YOU AT LEAST
MEET WITH THE LAWYER?
CANDACE.
BENNY, PLEASE.
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT
$10 MILLION.
YOU MAY NOT EVEN
HAVE TO SUE.
YOU'LL PROBABLY
GET A SETTLEMENT.
I‐I‐I KNOW IT.
YOU DON'T EVEN
HAVE TO GO TO COURT.
MAMA WON'T KNOW IF THAT'S WHAT
YOU'RE WORRIED ABOUT, BENNY.
YOU HAVE TO AT LEAST
MEET THE LAWYERS.
PLEASE.
PLEASE?
[ SIGHS ]
ALL RIGHT,
I'LL THINK ABOUT IT.
OKAY.
THINK ABOUT IT
WHILE YOU TAKE ME TO LUNCH.
[ LAUGHS ]
[ CELLPHONE VIBRATING ]
[ CELLPHONE BEEPS ]
HELLO?
MAN: I have to go to
the dealership to show I. D.
I'll be right back.
OKAY.
UM, JUST LOCK THE DOOR.
Okay.
COME ON, BENNY.
YOU'RE GONNA TAKE ME
TO LUNCH.
YOU'RE DOING
TOO MUCH.
SHUT UP.
OKAY.
I TOLD YOU.
YOU BITCH.
[ SIGHS ]
[ DOOR BUZZES ]
HI.
YOU LOOK NICE.
DON'T.
WHAT?
DON'T BE NICE.
I NEED YOU TO BE THE ASS
THAT YOU ALWAYS ARE.
'CAUSE I AM NOT IN THE MOOD
FOR A NICE JIM RIGHT NOW,
BECAUSE THEN I'LL KNOW
YOU'RE WORRIED,
AND I'M ALREADY HAVING
THE DAY FROM HELL.
I'M NOT WORRIED,
KATHERYN.
WELL, GOOD,
'CAUSE I AM.
DON'T BE.
DID LLOYD CALL YOU?
YES.
HE TOLD YOU THERE'S LIKELY
TO BE A LAWSUIT?
YES.
HAS ONE BEEN FILED?
NO, BUT AS
A FORMER LITIGATOR,
I CAN ALREADY SMELL
THE AMBULANCE CHASERS LINING UP.
DID YOU HAPPEN TO REMEMBER ‐‐
YES, I HAD FUNDS MOVED.
GOOD.
THANK YOU.
HANNA QUIT.
HMM.
FIRST STEP
IN THE LAWSUIT.
I'M NOT SO SURE.
I THINK YOU'RE WRONG.
I'M NOT WRONG, KATHERYN.
DID LLOYD TELL YOU
ABOUT WYATT?
WHAT ABOUT WYATT?
FIGURES.
KNEW HE WOULD LEAVE IT
TO ME TO TELL YOU.
LEAVE IT TO YOU
TO TELL ME WHAT?
JENNIFER SALLISON
HAD HIS INHERITANCE RELEASED.
SHE DID WHAT?
YES.
WHERE IS HE?
I DON'T KNOW.
WHERE IS HE, KATHERYN?
YOU HAVE TO FIND HIM.
I DON'T KNOW!
YOU KNOW THIS MONEY
IS GONNA DESTROY OUR SON.
YOU THINK?!
I NEED TO GET THE HELL
OUT OF HERE.
WELL, MAYBE IF YOU WOULD STOP
CALLING JUDGES ASSES,
THAT WOULD HAPPEN.
THOSE SONS OF BITCHES
DON'T DESERVE TO BE ON THE
BENCH IN THE FIRST PLACE.
WELL, THAT MAY BE TRUE,
BUT YOU CAN'T SAY THAT!
FIND HIM, KATHERYN!
FIND HIM.
I WILL, JIM.
I WILL.
AND WHEN YOU SEE SALLISON,
I WANT YOU TO MAKE SURE
AND RIP HER A NEW ONE.
JIM.
MAKE SURE THAT SHE IS REMINDED
WHY YOUR NAME
IS KATHERYN HARDGRAVE‐CRYER.
DON'T WORRY.
[ DOOR BUZZES ]
WYATT:
Hi, you've reached Wyatt Cryer.
Leave a message after the beep.
[ VOICEMAIL BEEPS ]
HE'S NOT ANSWERING.
GET A WARRANT AND TRACK HIS NAME
FOR ME, PLEASE.
THANK YOU.
WYATT CRYER,
WHERE ARE YOU?
WHERE'S VERONICA?
HI TO YOU, TOO.
HI. WHERE IS VERONICA?
YOU CAN'T JUST COME BARGING
INTO MY OFFICE ‐‐
JENNIFER!
WHERE IS MY WIFE?
I DON'T KNOW.
I NEED AN ADDRESS.
WHAT?
DID SHE LEAVE HER HOME ADDRESS?
HOW DO YOU NOT KNOW YOUR WIFE'S
HOME ADDRESS?
JENNIFER, DID SHE LEAVE
A HOME ADDRESS?
NO.
ANSWER ME!
LET GO.
I NEED TO SEE JIM.
YOU NEED TO SEE
MAGGIE DAY.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
I KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON
BETWEEN THE TWO OF YOU.
I AM NOT DOING THIS
WITH YOU RIGHT NOW.
YOU HAVE TIME
FOR HER BUT NOT FOR ME, RIGHT?
I NEED TO SEE JIM NOW!
I SAID LET GO!
PLEASE.
JENNIFER, LOOK AT ME.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
I NEED TO SEE JIM,
PLEASE.
OKAY, FIVE MINUTES.
THANK YOU.
HI, THIS IS
JENNIFER SALLISON.
UM, I HAVE DAVID HARRINGTON
COMING DOWN TO SEE JIM CRYER.
OKAY, OKAY, THANK YOU.
Lawyer:
THIS IS AN EASY CASE TO WIN.
YOU SEE, BENNY?
AND WITH THEM TRYING
TO COVER IT UP...
I DON'T KNOW.
YOU SHOULD CONSIDER IT.
LOOK, I DON'T ‐‐
DON'T YOU THINK THEY WOULD
SETTLE TO AVOID A TRIAL?
YEAH.
YEAH, MOST PEOPLE WOULD.
SETTLEMENT'S A REAL
POSSIBILITY HERE.
ESPECIALLY IF WE CAN GET
THE GRANDFATHER AND THE MOTHER
OF THE LITTLE GIRL.
THE GRANDFATHER
AND THE MOTHER TO JOIN?
MM‐HMM.
WE'VE BEEN TRYING TO FIND HIM.
WE KNOW THEM.
NO, WE DON'T.
YES, WE DO.
I WILL REACH OUT
TO THEM.
THAT WOULD BE GREAT.
I DON'T LIKE THAT DUDE.
CALL HIM.
IF THE TWO OF YOU JOIN TOGETHER,
IT WOULD JUST MAKE THE CASE
THAT MUCH EASIER.
NO.
I WILL CALL HIM TO SEE
IF HE WILL MEET ME AT MY HOUSE.
I'M SURE
I CAN GET HIM TO JOIN US.
NOW, HOLD ON, HOLD ON.
LIKE, I DIDN'T ‐‐
I DIDN'T EVEN SAY YES
TO THIS.
HE WILL.
NO.
NO, I'M NOT.
MY MONEY
IS ON YOUR SISTER.
SHE CAN BE
VERY PERSUASIVE.
YOU KNOW,
YOU COULD BE A LAWYER.
I'M IN LAW SCHOOL.
IS THAT SO?
YEAH.
YOU SHOULD COME SEE ME
WHEN YOU GRADUATE.
REALLY?
YEAH.
OKAY.
AND IF YOU CAN MAKE THIS HAPPEN,
DEFINITELY COME SEE ME.
I'LL DO THAT.
SO, LOOK,
I'M DUE IN COURT.
IF YOU GET THE GRANDFATHER
TO COME IN, LET'S MEET.
OKAY. MY HOUSE.
I'LL CALL YOU.
OKAY, THANKS.
MY SECRETARY WILL SHOW YOU OUT.
THANK YOU.
I'M NOT DEALING WITH
THAT DUDE.
THIS IS ABOUT MILLIONS
OF DOLLARS.
YES, YOU ARE.
MS. YOUNG?
HI.
HOW IS HE?
HE'S GREAT.
WHERE IS HE?
HE'S IN HIS ROOM.
WHICH WAY IS THAT?
I'M SORRY,
BUT YOU CAN'T SEE HIM.
WHAT?
NO, MA'AM.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
YOU ‐‐ YOU NEED TO TALK
TO CHILD WELFARE.
WELL, WHERE ARE THEY?
THEY WERE JUST HERE.
MISS DELONG?
YES. YOU KNOW HER?
YES, I DO.
HI.
YOU SAID I HAD UNTIL MONDAY
AT 3:00.
YES, WELL,
WE SIDED WITH HIS MOTHER.
MISS DELONG, PLEASE.
NOW, YOU KNOW I'M THE BEST
CAREGIVER FOR THAT CHILD.
YOU HAVE NOWHERE
FOR HIM TO LIVE.
YEAH, BUT YOU CAN'T EVEN
VERIFY HER JOB.
I'M SORRY.
LOOK AT ME.
WHAT?
YES.
SHE GOT TO YOU,
DIDN'T SHE?
NO.
LOOK AT ME.
YOU CAN'T EVEN
LOOK ME IN MY EYES.
WHAT DID SHE DO TO YOU?
NOTHING.
I'M SORRY.
I DID WHAT'S BEST
FOR YOUR GRANDSON.
HOW DID YOU GET THAT BRUISE
ON YOUR...
I'M FINE.
WHAT DID SHE DO?
I'M SORRY.
DID SHE COME
AND GET HIM?
NO, NOT YET.
CAN I SEE HIM?
I'M SORRY.
PLEASE.
NO, YOU CAN'T.
WHEN SHE COMING
TO GET HIM?
I'M NOT SURE.
OKAY.
[ SCOFFS ]
SO, WHAT DID BENNY SAY?
HE LOST IT WHEN I ASKED HIM
ABOUT THE MORTGAGE.
CANDACE.
I'LL LET YOU KNOW
WHAT YOU HAVE TO DO.
ERICA.
LOOK, I CAN GET
THE DOCUMENTS FORGED.
THEY'LL LOOK
JUST LIKE HIS.
ERICA.
I CAN HAVE THEM
IN AN HOUR.
I CAN'T.
TAKE THEM TO THE BANK.
YOU HAVE
ALL THE APPRAISALS.
BENNY WOULD KILL ME IF HE FOUND
OUT I MORTGAGED HIS HOUSE
AND HIS BUSINESS.
IT'S IN HIS NAME,
AND I‐I FORGE HIS NAME ‐‐
HAVE YOU GOTTEN SOFT,
CANDACE?
THAT'S MY BROTHER.
HE'S THE ONLY ONE
WHO LOVES ME, ERICA.
YEAH, BUT THIS IS WAR
YOU'RE DEALING WITH.
I KNOW.
[ CELLPHONE VIBRATING ]
YOUR PHONE'S RINGING.
[ CELLPHONE BEEPS ]
HI.
THIS IS CANDACE YOUNG.
IT'S HANNA'S DAUGHTER.
I'M GUESSING
YOU HEARD ABOUT THE CASE
WITH THE CRYERS
AND MY BROTHER.
BENNY'S SUING THE CRYERS.
WE'VE RETAINED THE BEST
LAWYER IN TOWN,
AND WE WANT YOU
TO JOIN US.
YEAH.
NO, WE DIDN'T
TELL HER YET.
SHE WORKS FOR THEM,
SO IT'S A BIT
OF A CONFLICT OF INTEREST,
BUT WE WILL, THOUGH.
YEAH, IT'S LEGIT.
WE WON'T KEEP ANYTHING
FROM HER.
CAN YOU COME TO MY HOUSE
AND WE WILL FILL YOU
IN ON EVERYTHING LATER?
THAT'S PERFECT.
I'LL TEXT
YOU MY ADDRESS,
AND THE ATTORNEY WILL BE THERE
TO EXPLAIN EVERYTHING
TO YOU AND BENNY.
SURE.
WHO WAS THAT?
[ SIGHS ]
THE GRANDFATHER
OF THE LITTLE GIRL.
OKAY. SEE?
YOU GET THE MORTGAGE
AND THEN ‐‐
AND THEN JUST PAY IT OFF
WHEN THE SETTLEMENT COMES IN.
THAT'S BENNY'S MONEY.
YEAH, WELL, MAKE A DEAL
WITH THE ATTORNEY
FOR MAKING THIS ALL HAPPEN.
WE GET IN THE MIDDLE
OF IT.
YOU NEED TO GET
THAT MORTGAGE, CANDACE.
WHAT TIME IS IT?
PICK UP MY SON.
OKAY.
I'M GONNA WORK ON
THE DEEDS.
ERICA.
YOU DON'T HAVE A CHOICE.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
DIAL MAGGIE DAY.
MAGGIE: Hello?
MAGGIE.
Mrs. Harrington.
I KNOW YOU PLANTED
THE PICTURE.
Yes, I did.
THANK YOU.
Excuse me?
YOU DID SOMETHING
I NEVER HAD THE STRENGTH TO DO.
I KNEW
MY MARRIAGE WAS OVER,
BUT I COULDN'T...
I HAVE SOME THINGS
THAT ARE TOO SENSITIVE
TO SHARE OVER THE PHONE.
CAN YOU MEET ME AT, UH...
MY HOUSE?
I WILL TELL YOU
EVERYTHING.
THERE'S SOME THINGS ABOUT DAVID
THAT YOU NEED TO KNOW.
CAN YOU MEET ME IN A COUPLE
OF HOURS?
I HAVE SOME ERRANDS
TO RUN.
Sure.
OKAY, SO I'LL TEXT YOU
WHEN I'M CLOSE.
Okay.
MAGGIE?
THANK YOU.
Bye.
[ ENGINE STARTS ]
[ LAUGHS EVILLY ]
NEXT ON "THE HAVES
AND THE HAVE NOTS"...
JIM, WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?
IT'S TOO LATE.
CALL IT OFF, JIM.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
I NEED TO SEE YOUR SISTER.
MOM ‐‐
MOVE!
HANNA.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
WE HAVEN'T TOLD HER.
DON'T THROW ANYTHING
AT ME.
BITCH, I WILL HAVE YOU MURDERED
IN THE STREETS.
Man:
I found Veronica's house.
DAVID:
What's the address?
611 Westchester Lane.
[ HEART BEATING ]